welcome to the tip of all tastes door
ladies and gentlemen we've got something
very special planned for everybody oh
we're gonna be doing everybody's as the
summer ends the days grow shorter the
Knights longer only today's colder yeah
we're getting into fall time now all
time is autumn leaves and pumpkins and
Halloween yeah and back so what we're
gonna be doing here for the next we're
going to be doing here for the next few
months is focusing a lot on pumpkin
beers oktoberfest beers and and fall
style beers yeah man uh-huh that's
there's a lot of variety there there's a
lot of different random stuff so we hope
you'll join us and uh please fetch
around for our tin well taste or fall
specials fall special we'll be back
we've got our first fall beer of the
fall well don't say that and then I
don't know how we're going to post them
what order we're going to do it okay so
we've got a fall beer for the phone yeah
we've got you something this is the
schlafly pumpkin ale ale brewed with
pumpkin and spices cinnamon nutmeg and
clove Wow eight percent alcohol by
volume before the goddamn thank God
Braden Bruton buh-bye the st. Louis
breweries greenery see I think think you
want to know what I think don't really
wants to know what you think you're no
new age soccer keys over here however
you're making band sound awful what what
I think what I think is that um we
should save the description for after
we've tasted it and see if you agree
well then let's do that agree with what
they're just lovely with their yeah
they're bullshit that they put you know
this first of the fall isn't starting to
well schlaf Luke one's gonna be good
it's gonna go well kind of good feeling
about everything oh yeah nice
hmm a lot of cinnamon I like nothing you
likey yeah that's good mmm really really
good oh I can't pumpkin happy fall is
here again impact yeah fall man i'm
happy i like it shit's fallen that now
they named it trees they were there like
man what should we go what should we go
this season a what do you think okay
look around they're like well shits
falling from dreams told about for
spring about how the name is spring so
let's all the bundles are meeting up
ringing around everywhere yeah yeah you
got it yeah basically things springing
out of the ground did you like midship
just spring it out of the ground
everywhere what we call this video
Michael Essien rabbit and in for summer
it was just hot shit so they were like
summer let's get on with the beer
alright yeah this is the schlafly
pumpkin ale I'm gonna go ahead and read
this now since we've tasted it in
Charlotte pumpkin ale celebrate the
bounty of harvest with this rich malty
ale brewed with pumpkin and flavor with
spices to invoke the season of Plenty oh
hell empty all right good so first of
all for eight percent alcohol no alcohol
taste whatsoever a little bit of alcohol
feel but really no alcohol taste yeah
it's impressive for the vicinity it's
really good the things you really get
out of it definitely has a strong
pumpkin flavor and the voices are good
no more overpowering in my opinion right
if I'm in like a sweet pumpkin pie
feeling like that's exactly I was just
gonna say it's more towards the pumpkin
pie type than it is towards just you
know just pumped what I like to read
this shit you tried to you stopped him
yeah yo that front of the bottom in
front of the bottom an area check it out
god I would rather sit on a pumpkin and
have it all to myself God huh then be
crowded on a velvet cushion Henry David
Thoreau said that's a horrible thought
it was gonna be Christopher Michael
Symon's hey that's a horrible quote I
would much
sit on the bumpkin and have it all to
myself Christopher Michael you're
watching this I do apologize he's a
after this yeah I uh yeah I want to sit
on this I'm gonna give this an 8.5 mm
yeah the ratings we're doing yeah I'm
gonna having a rating this against other
pumpkin beers or just in general cause
it's the fall series well I think it
almost has to be other again sex without
me managing yourself degree but just as
a beer and general factored in with the
what you know a pumpkin ale is capable
of yeah I think this is what a pumpkin
ale is capable of I don't know i like
any other pumpkin ale better than this
and I've had my share we got one little
potentially and he's been there been
there done that but we'll get to that in
there done that got real sick of it well
yeah it does get sickening so this me
likey this blog 95 wow really like this
one don't see how you can make a pumpkin
beer tastes better than this in my
opinion because sadly any alcohol added
points because it's not like four
percent Rosie buddy that's true that's
true delicious that's what a pumpkin
beer should taste like oh my god poor
Daniel gets a rating out we're all done
with our cups east I gotta think about
shit man just go to ratings all
willy-nilly you can it I do you know we
lied by the seat of your camo shorts son
it destroys all my credibility just not
your cheery and all that much
credibility is really i'm a pretty
credible source i'll have you know if
you see a good rating for me you know
what's gonna be good so I kind of think
tank over as our wings are just just
learn out there no sense in them I might
need this beer this is a beer right I'm
gonna give it a nine yeah yeah yeah good
that's that's yeah that's a good rating
for this beer cuz it is a beer I like it
alright so with that said flavor kind of
like pumpkin pie a lot of nutmeg
cinnamon cloves just as it says sweet on
the sweeter side not real sweet but you
know tolerable I'd rather say
it and have it all to myself not you're
welcome to 9.5 name will be on the
velvet cushions I will take the velvet
cushion 9.5 9.0 8.5 that's an average of
a 9.0 so if you can find it Schlafly
pumpkin ale from st. Louis Missouri you
can find it sit on it they still work
return got plenty more naughty so keep
enjoy